Hey, what are you doing?
Bomb suit for major Anand, sir...
He won't wear it.
But sir... I mean...
Keep watching.
What is it, Dewan?
I can't figure it out, sir...
...it looks like a radio
control servo with a switch...
...but I can't locate the receiver...
...and the x-ray hasn't
shown up anything either.
You rest, I'll take a look.
OK, sir.
Sir, is this the same
Major Samar Anand.
Who has the record for the
maximum number of bombs defused?
Yup, 97 bombs...
...this is the 98th...
...and he goes into the lap
of each bomb just like this...
...without any protection...
...as if it's not a bomb...
...but the arms of his girlfriend.
Sir, is that why they call
him 'the man who cannot die'?
Yes, 'The Man Who Cannot Die.'
All of us have to die one day...
...and so will he...
...until today I've never seen
the fear of death in his eyes.
I can't understand the kind of
fate he's had written for him.
They had hidden the receiver within
the RDX and covered it with lead...
...that's why the X-ray
couldn't catch it.
Singh, open up the market.
Okay sir.
- Amaanullah, sir, open the market.
- Okay.
Your eyes, impish and mischievous.
Your laughter's nonchalant insolence.
Your hair unfurled their waves undone.
Never shall I forget.
Until I breathe this life,
Until I breathe this life.
Your hand that abandoned mine.
Your shadow that turned away it's gaze.
Your look that never looked back.
Never shall I forgive.
Until I breathe this life,
Until I breathe this life.
Your unabashed dancing in the rain.
Your silly sulkings
at all things small.
Your innocent childlike mischief.
Always I will love.
Until I breathe this life,
Until I breathe this life.
Your false vows and promises.
Your burning scorching dreams.
Your cruel ruthless prayers.
Always I will hate.
Until I breathe this life,
Until I breathe this life.
In the name of God...
Oh shit!
The water is freezing...
Freezing!
Help!
Soldier!
Water... col...
cold... freezing... please...
...help please...
...please.
What if I had died?
Couldn't you have come earlier?
You're a soldier...
...you'll... have taken
some oath haven't you...
...to save lives of fellow Indians?
I was in such a dangerous situation...
I could have died...
Arcehole!
Nice!
Oh God!
Akira!
I can't believe you actually did it!
Just pay up guys!
I'm going bankrupt because of you...
...this is the fifth dare in 3 weeks...
...for once can you not
complete a dare?
Stop being such a wuss, Sam...
...two more days and you all will
be in the London discovery office...
...and I will be stuck in Delhi...
...and then you will miss
me and you'll be like.
I wish I had given Akira
all my money...
...after all she got
paid shit as an intern.
I won't miss you.
Alright, you lot listen up,
stop whatever it is you are doing...
...it's my day off...
...so I don't want to see any
of your ugly faces today...
...but tomorrow morning I
want your boney arces...
...back here at 7 o'clock sharp.
Aye, aye, captain.
Catherine!
Piss off, Akira.
Did you think about
taking me with you to London?
Yes I did and the answer
is no, so get out of my face.
Bitch!
Oh, God, man...
Arjun, I told you it's
over between us man...
...stop calling me.
Arjun...
...it's only a 6-month relationship,
why are you getting so hyper?
You still love me but
now I don't, simple...
...come on, get over it,
we'll talk later!
Samar Anand...
In a way, I had already
lived twenty-five years...
...but my life,
actually began on this day.
The first day of my story...
...the first time I saw snow fall...
...the first time I saw an
angel glide across the snow.
Did You to have to make
the snow fall right now...
...couldn't You have
waited 10 minutes more?
Such an expensive dress,
it got wet...
...anyway, my results are out.
I topped the university.
Dad is very happy.
Thank You...
...and yes, like I promised You,
no more chocolates from today...
...never, I promise...
...okay, now listen carefully,
today our work is very important.
There's a music
ceremony at Bina aunty's...
...and Mrs Sanger wants to hook me
up with her wall street banker son.
Please, please, please make
sure that he doesn't fancy me.
I will also fully try
to make sure but...
...you know how Indian boys behave
stupid when they're around me...
...and in any case, I am not
going to marry an Indian boy...
...remember me telling You this?
Please don't get me
married to any Indian boy...
...they are all very brown.
Please find me a nice
handsome white boy...
...please, please, please.
But You have to make sure that
Dad doesn't like that banker...
...because You know... I
can never fight with Dad...
...so please, please, please don't
let this happen and I promise that...
I promise, I will stop
wearing fur coats from today...
...and You know how much I love fur.
Okay?
Deal?
Please take care of this.
Thanks.
Wow, sir Jesus, what specimens
You have to bear...
...very hard work, sir.
God bless You, sir.
Hey Samar, what you doing man?
You were supposed to be
finished by lunch time.
No worry, Jack Sir.
I finish twenty minutes
fully clean, shaving and shining.
I'm picking you up in half
an hour, make sure it's done.
Done, done, okay,
ta-ta, see you, bye bye...
...from the ground in this country
grows snow, grows white white snow.
Come on Zain, it's morning, get up.
London's opened her
arms and is calling you.
Come on, get up, hurry up,
hurry up, hurry up.
Oh man.
London is upset with me,
my friend...
...it does not give me
even a half day of work.
It's rubbish she has
her arms open for me.
Oh London, do something for me...
...it seems I might
have to return to Lahore.
Oh man, Kapoor uncle,
was asking for the rent...
...he was saying we have
to vacate the flat today.
You relax and eat your eggs.
I'll handle Uncle.
- Sure?
- Yes, for sure.
You're too good.
- God bless.
- Bye.
We'll meet again.
Rascal... has again left
money for the whole week.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
Wanders with a smile...
...and a tear.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
Belonging to all.
Yet none to call my own.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Dipped in rainbow colors...
...with voice of a nightingale.
With steps radiating sunlight...
...with palanquin of cooling shade
Dipped in rainbow colors...
...with voice of a nightingale.
With steps radiating sunlight...
...with palanquin of cooling shade.
Seeking the moon amidst dark clouds.
Listening for the mute wind's song.
This friend of mine is everywhere.
Unseen to the eye,
fragrant to the smell.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
With the beloved, no union,
nor separation.
Prisoner of love, never unchained.
Your promise of appearing in a dream.
Keeps sleep far from my eyes.
The breath I take quickens.
My pulse becomes fainter still.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
Wanders with a smile...
...and a tear.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
Belonging to all.
Yet none to call my own.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Here you go, 1 kilo tiger prawn.
7 seabass, 6 squids and 1 octupussy.
Excellent, Samar.
And oh, something waiting...
...special, see...
Ah, Samar, you got my foie gras?
Your
- fodegrass? You ask, I get.
Thank you, Samar, you
always come through for me.
Look, if you ever get tired of this.
I have a job waiting for
you in one of my restaurants.
Thank you, sir.
Fodegrass.
Ladies and gentleman...
...the newly engaged couple Roger
and my beautiful daughter Meera.
Hey, aren't you that guy
who sings that Challa song?
Yes, same to same, ma'am.
What are you doing here?
Madam, in your London it is
very difficult to earn pounds...
...it is not possible to buy food
with one job, so double shift
So, sir Jesus did not listen to you?
What?
That day in the church,
you told sir Jesus...
...to make that boy not like you...
...but today it is your arrangement.
Engagement.
Yes, yes, same.
How do you know all this?
That day outside the church,
I'm cleaning snow.
Listening to others' confessions
is not a good thing...
...and for your information on that day
it did not work out with that boy...
...so sir Jesus did
listen to me like always.
I have known Roger for many years...
...he's a really nice guy...
...and I am very happy.
It does not look like it.
What the f?
It's the biggest day
of my life today...
...and I am very, very happy...
...got it?
Not got...
...because when that nice guy,
was making you wear the ring...
...you were not looking
into his eyes...
...you were looking at everyone else...
...and now, you've left your
own engagement celebration...
...and are sitting here alone, why?...
...and why are you trying to
explain your decision to a stranger.
Go... got it.
Common Meera uncle's
going nuts looking for you.
Will... I found her.
What the f...
The new logo will reflect the
ideals and images of both chains...
...a total of 25 new supermarkets
will be opened in six new towns...
...and the whole merger and
expansion will take six months.
Thank you.
Well done. Roger, you've
thought about everything.
I think it's time for me to
think about my retirement.
I am turning 50,
best time to retire.
When is your Golden Jubilee?
Meera, we should plan a big party.
Don't worry, I've been planning
this party for more than a year now...
...it's going to be the most special
party for the most special father.
Yes, and after that my daughter
will get married and then...
...from a very special father I'll
turn into a very lonely father.
But that will only happen
if I leave you alone...
...after our marriage
Roger will stay with us.
When did this happen?
Just now, just a small little
clause I've added in the contract...
...and it's nonnegotiable.
Sorry Roger, she's gone on me,
a very stubborn business woman...
...you will have to deal with it.
I am trying, I am trying.
Here, 500 pounds...
...for an hour of your time
every day, for one month.
Who do I have to kill?
You'll have to teach me how to sing.
Why do you want to
learn how to sing from me?
My Dad's from Jalandhar...
...and he's always wished
that I could speak Punjabi...
...but I was never able to learn it.
It's his 50th birthday next month.
...and I want to surprise him
by singing a Punjabi song...
...like the kind that you sing...
...so will you teach me?
That way 500 pounds
will turn my life around...
...but if I take these then I
may also completely turn around.
I'll explain.
My mother has taught me...
...never take money for
teaching someone...
...so now you understanding my,
uh, problem?
So in that case teach
me without taking money.
Madam, I only look like...
...but I am not that
big a fool, not dumbo.
Fine.
Okay, one minute, one second,
can we do a deal?
I teach you beautiful Punjabi song...
...and return gift you teach
me good gentleman's English...
...this is now fair and
handsome deal ma'am...
...in one month you singing like
the Nightingale Lata Mangeshkar...
...for your father's birthday...
...and I speak fit-fat constipation
with the white in full tip-top English.
Conversation.
Same to same.
Done, done, London let's do it.
Done, done,
- London.
Uh sorry.
Please make sure my Punjabi rocks.
I wish that day to
be Dad's happiest day.
Please help me and I promise...
I promise... I will
never smoke again... ever.
O good... good morning.
Salmon, salmon... salmon!
salmon... salmon!
SALMON!
Steak for the lady and
Salmon for the gentleman...
...enjoy.
Meera.
Meera listen, I was joking...
Excuse me sir you haven't paid.
Meera I don't have money.
Sirsa is the name of
my village, in Punjab.
My father and forefathers
all served in the army...
...but in some war or other
they gave their lives fighting.
When it was my time my mother
refused to let me join...
...she somehow saved up
money and sent me here.
She had this unsaid faith in me
and felt that I'd do well here...
...she says that I can
win people's love...
...and those who can win
love will never lose.
Solid maternal instant.
- Instinct
- Instant.
Okay, what eves...
Come, please come, bon appetite.
Come, come in.
Bon appetite...
Do you come here every Friday?
Yes!
Just here?
No, there's a Bangladeshi
orphanage that I go to on Mondays.
And...
On Wednesdays I go
to a women's shelter.
And...
A senior citizens' home on Sundays.
That's it.
That's it...
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays,
they're all wasted, very bad.
Mother Teresa gave up her
whole life...
...oye, explain something
to this girl.
Oye, fatty, how much
will you eat, start a diet...
...come all, free food
for everyone
How much you give is
how much you get.
I've learnt this in life...
...but if everybody keeps asking
for more and no one gives back...
...then how will anything be shared?
To get something you
have to lose something.
Ahh!
So that's why you keep making
deals with sir Jesus.
Not deals... prayers
that I make earnestly...
...and that's why your sir Jesus has
agreed to everything I've told him.
Okay, so tell Him to
teach how to sing.
Don't worry, I've
already spoken to Him.
Really...
Sir Jesus knows Punjabi too?
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
This is so not fair.
I've managed to improve
your English so much...
...and you're not able to
teach me even one song.
You've already learnt
how to sing...
...you're also speaking
perfect Punjabi...
...the tune is also fine.
What's the problem then?
The problem is that there
is no joy when you sing...
...only fear...
...you're scared this white
woman will be disturbed...
...scared that these
guys playing football...
...will think you have runaway
from some poor Indian village.
Come on, if you can't sing in front
of two or three strangers...
...how will you sing to a
hundred people at the party?
Oh fu... off!
Now this you enjoyed doing.
Miss Meera Thapar, the girl
you are when you act dignified...
...you're not...
...you're that girl who sneaks
out to smoke a cigarette...
...and keeps cussing this what
the f...? What the f...? word.
I am not that girl.
I need your phone please...
...excuse me...
...one second.
Hello Maria, Samar this side...
...yes I want you to bring a friend
of mine to the tunnel tonight ok...
...she will call you...
and Maria...
...she is a little shy type
so make her like you...
...little sexy, un dos tres, ok bye.
Maria works in the restaurant
with me...
...and every Sunday night
all of us party together.
You have the number in your
phone, call her after six.
And no one knows you there...
...so for just one night
listen to your heart.
Why are you doing this?
Because I want to show
you who you really are.
Un dos tres...
Come on babe.
Hey Maria!
Oh hi.
What's up?
Go get her tiger!
Hey Maria!
Hi...
I'll be right back.
Hello...
I'm Raj...
...you are?
Tina...
Italian?
Indian.
You don't look Indian at all.
And you look completely Indian.
Why?
You don't like Indian men?
They're very boring.
I like a bit of danger in a man.
So then this place is
like a buffet for you...
...and in any case since you've come
they're all just waiting for your cue.
Take your pick.
I don't see anybody here...
...somebody who'd walk
side by side with me...
...who'd look into my
eyes and steal my heart.
Best of luck, Indian girl.
Raj...
You give up too easily.
I wasn't even trying.
Why, you don't like me?
I like you, but at the moment
you're looking for something else.
When you get tired
you'll come back here.
And if I don't?
You'll come.
...because for someone
who'd walk by your side...
...for someone who'd look
into your eyes...
...for someone who'd steal your heart...
...there's no one else here.
Love is all. Love is sweet.
Welcome to the world of love.
Come, look me in the eye.
My heart is on fire.
Come, just a little closer.
Welcome to the world of love.
Love is all.
Love is sweet.
Love is all. Love is sweet.
Welcome to the world of love.
Burning with love is bliss.
Let your breath mingle with mine.
Tonight is our night of love.
Tomorrow it belongs to another.
Let's toss the moon like a coin.
See what lands, your face or my life.
Love is all.
Love is sweet.
Love is all. Love is sweet.
Welcome to the world of love.
Come, look me in the eye.
My heart is on fire.
Come, just a little closer.
Welcome to the world of love.
Love is all.
Love is sweet.
Love is an unstoppable river.
Float on its waves and see.
Step lightly on a cloud.
Your feet will find no ground.
The heart is without borders.
No lines can divide it.
Love is all.
Love is sweet.
Love is all. Love is sweet.
Welcome to the world of love.
Come, look me in the eye.
My heart is on fire.
Come, just a little closer.
Welcome to the world of love.
Love is all.
Love is sweet.
I've had the best
time of my life, Samar...
...thank you so much...
...thank you, thank you, thank you.
You know you're actually
this bad ass girl...
...how you were born into such a
fancy family, I can't understand.
If I'm that bad,
don't be friends with me.
Who wants to be friends?
Now that I have fallen for you,
what do I do about that?
I'm not joking, I
have really fallen in...
...love.
It's this bad ass behavior of yours...
...hiding behind this
well behaved suave person...
...that's trapped me.
Samar...
Yes, I know... you're getting
married to that English guy...
...and now our contract is also
over so there's no reason to meet.
So no tension...
...your train's come, you
go your way and I go mine...
...the end.
This train terminates at Stanborne.
Meera...
If I kiss you...
...will you slap me?
I don't think you will slap me.
You didn't slap me...
...you didn't slap me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
...and abduct me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
I am just like him.
He's just like me.
His laughter is like
the morning sunlight.
Soothing darkness falls
when he closes his eyes.
I am just like him.
He's just like me.
His laughter is like
the morning sunlight.
Soothing darkness falls
when he closes his eyes.
I am just like him.
He's just like me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
...and abduct me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
Good evening, Meera.
I'm famished.
You want to eat?
Chum va fa.
So, Miss Meera Thapar, so
you've also fallen in love.
You couldn't live without me
for more than two days, right?
Let's do the done done London deal.
I am going to get married...
to Roger...
...because that's what my
father wants.
He's always given me everything
I've ever wanted.
This is the first time
he's asked something of me.
I can't say no to him.
My mother left my father and
ran away with someone else.
I was twelve then...
...my father has taken
care of me by himself.
He has always fulfilled my wishes...
...we're the only family we have...
...there's no one else...
I haven't told this to anyone
before now, not even Roger.
I'm telling you this because
you have to help me.
Both of us, have to make a
promise in front of Him...
...that we'll remain just friends...
...and will never cross this line...
...and if we break this promise.
He can punish us in
any way He chooses.
I can't be friends
with you, Meera...
...but don't worry I will
never cross any line...
...and for that I don't need to
make any kind of promise to God.
This isn't for you, Samar...
...this is for me...
...so that I don't make any mistake...
...so that I may not grow weak...
...so that I may not cross the line.
Please Samar...
...for me.
Walk by my side leaving
a space between us.
Put your heart or hand there.
I walk in the shade
cast by your shadow.
Walk by my side leaving
a space between us.
Put your heart or hand there.
I walk in the shade
cast by your shadow.
I am just like him.
He's just like me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
...and abduct me.
O friends, do not call me Heer.
I am Sahiban now.
Let any Mirza come on a horse...
- Good morning ma'am
- Good morning.
Here is a parcel for you.
My dearest Meera.
I read about your marriage in a
magazine and couldn't help myself.
It's been so many years
and not one day has gone by...
...when I haven't thought of you...
...but I promised your father
that I would never contact you.
For all your birthdays.
I'd buy a gift...
...and write a long
letter addressed to you...
...and then put them both
away in the cupboard...
...but this time I couldn't
stop myself.
Every mother has a dream...
...to dress her daughter in
her wedding sari herself...
...but I know that...
I lost this right many years ago.
The wedding sari that I wore
and came to your father's house.
I've kept very carefully
for this day.
If you think it is okay, wear it.
I will feel like I am also
a part of your wedding.
I know that you hate me...
...but I pray to God everyday...
...hoping that one day
you'll forgive me.
Lots and lots of love...
...and lots of happiness...
...your mother, Pooja.
Punjab, as English say...
Bob Dylan was from there.
Babbar Singh Dhillon,
Bob became Bub.
So now what do you want to do?
I don't know.
Meera doesn't know...
...but Tina knows what to do.
Should we go?
What are you doing?
The same thing you're doing.
Aren't you taking it a
little too easy today?
These days you are so busy.
I don't get a chance
to spend time with you.
Even with you so close to
me you're still not with me...
...awaiting your return I
can't see the end of the day.
Stop this boring
poetry of yours, Imran.
- It's annoying.
- Okay.
Miss P! Miss P!
Where is the fire, Henry?
Someone's waiting for
you at the porch, Miss P.
For me?
I've no appointments today.
It's those people
from the restaurant.
I told them to come
and sample the wines.
So why are they asking for me?
Because they're very boring,
like you.
I told them I'm mostly out
and they should meet you.
It's not funny, Imran.
- Listen.
- Hmm?
I love you.
I know.
What's so hehehe, kiddo...
...you never said I love
you to a girl before?
My baby...
I was 19 years old...
...when I married your
father and came from India.
Until then I had learnt...
...that a girl goes from her
father's home to her husband's...
...and that becomes her new life.
Your father was a very nice man...
...but I could never love him...
...and for a long time I didn't
feel like anything was missing.
He was busy with his business and
I was busy bringing up my daughter...
...and then one day.
I met Imran...
...and that's when...
...you fell in love.
Yes, I fell in love.
You were four then that's
why I stopped myself...
...but when you turned twelve.
I gave up...
...and I went away with Imran.
By then I understood one thing...
...if you aren't happy yourself...
...you can never keep
others happy...
...never.
You know...
When I told Imran.
I do not want another
child other than you...
...he smiled and said that we
didn't need to get married...
...that he didn't need a piece of
paper or the consent of a priest...
...to be with me for life.
He's crazy... just like me...
...that's probably why we can't
survive without each other.
For all these years
I've only hated you.
But the fault was also mine...
No...
It wasn't your fault.
A 12-year-old girl
could not understand this...
...but a 21-year-old girl can...
...that what you did...
...was absolutely right.
I missed you mama...
I missed you so much.
Oh, do you know...
...since, childhood I've wished someone
would give me a doll like this?
Thank you, Pooja,
thank you very much.
- Good to see you.
- Good to see you too.
Should I take you for a bike ride?
Come on, let's go.
Thank you...
...you've given mama so much love.
I should actually thank you...
...it's been many years...
...that I've been clowning about,
to make up for your absence...
...but now I can retire.
Now Pooja will never stop smiling.
Thank you for coming
my child, thank you.
Can I ask you one thing?
Mama told me you waited
eight years for her...
...without any promises.
How were you so sure that...
you would be together one day?
Every love has its time.
That time was not ours...
...but that doesn't mean
it wasn't love.
I had faith in my love.
If God can bow down
in the face of love...
...how does time stand a chance?
It had to change...
...thank you darling...
...thank you.
- Cheers Imran.
- Bye.
- I love you.
- I know.
Coffee.
I love you.
I love you Samar.
You're crossing the line, Meera.
I love you.
As my breath mingles with yours.
I can breathe again.
The fragrance of your
body touches my soul.
If you come near.
How long can I control my senses?
Let them fly if they will.
When has the heart walked
the straight and narrow?
Let it wander if it will.
Lost in thoughts of you.
Solitude pleases me.
As my breath mingles with yours.
I can breathe again.
If the sweet night
is spent by your side.
The dawn will break with
light and air.
Since my eyes caught sight of you.
They brim over with you alone.
Touch me again and tell me...
...what did you wish for?
As my breath mingles with yours.
I can breathe again.
The fragrance of your
body touches my soul.
- If you come near.
- I can breathe again.
If you come near.
Wish Charlotte a happy
birthday for me, with a kiss.
I am going to speak with papa today,
he'll agree, won't he?
He'll agree, if he doesn't call me.
I'll convince him with a kiss.
I'm leaving now, or because
of your papa I'll lose my job.
Listen, what about mine...
Meera!!
I love you.
Samar!!
Madam!
Madam you cannot go through.
just give me one minute...
please. just give me one minute...
you don't understand...
You cannot come through here.
Stay here please...
..please, please, please...
...please God!
...please, please, please...
...please don't do this...
...please let him be okay...
...don't punish him for my mistake.
You keep him alive...
...don't let anything
happen to him and I promise.
I promise I will never meet him...
...please God! Let him be okay.
I promise... I promise...
Please bring him back...
...and I promise You I
will never meet him again...
...after this I will never meet him,
please, please, please, God.
I will leave him forever.
Sir...
...please, bring him back...
Okay clear shock!
Shit ya, I still can't
get through Meera's phone.
For four days she hasn't called,
nor did she come to the hospital.
Do you think her father's
upset with her...
...did you find out from her store?
Yes, the guard was saying that
she hasn't come there either.
I don't know what the scene is.
Son of a... learn to
make a simple cup of tea.
My friend, adjust for
one more week...
...after that neither
will I be here, nor my tea.
Why, you've got a job at
Buckingham Palace, as a guard?
No, ya, I am going back to Lahore.
Nothing is going to
happen for me in London.
Till when will I live off your
money and keep looking for a job?
And now Meera is also coming...
...so I called my mother and
told her your son is useless...
...he's coming back.
Oh deal with it, what to do?
Kapoor Uncle, come in,
think of it as your home...
...oh shucks.
Meera!
Ahh shucks...
I'll... get that tea, that sugar.
I'll get something, hello Meera.
- Bye
So papa didn't agree?
I didn't speak with him.
So what were you doing
all these days?
I was praying.
To sir Jesus?
Was it fulfilled?
Of course.
What did you ask for?
Your life.
And in return, what did you give up?
You!
What do you mean?
I prayed that He, by
any means, keep you alive...
...and in return, the one thing
that is most precious to me,
I will leave that...
...forever.
- You've gone mad?
- Samar, please...
...it's been very difficult
for me to come here to you.
I realize that you
think all this is rubbish...
...you won't understand...
...but this is my belief...
...that you were punished
for my faults...
...that if I remain
with you, your life...
...now no one can break this belief...
...neither you nor God.
I have come here only to tell you...
...that I am marrying Roger.
I've come to ask you for one thing...
...that if possible, leave this city,
and go away somewhere far...
...please...
...for my sake.
You won't say anything?
Congratulations...
Done, done London.
- Samar, I'm sorry...
- Don't...
Don't...
Uh, what's this?
Call your mother and tell her
that her son is not useless...
...that he's not coming back...
...and also tell her that her
other son is going back to India...
...ask her to pray for him.
I am leaving all my money
for you and going.
Now make something big out of it.
I'll come back one
day to take my share.
I'll really miss that tea
of yours...
...your friend, Samar, bye.
This isn't right...
...it's all wrong...
...completely wrong...
...the war between you
and me has begun.
You stole my love from me...
I'll steal her belief from You.
She believes if I am not with her.
I will live...
So from now on.
I will embrace death every day...
...let's see...
...till how long You keep me alive.
Thank you...
Samar Anand.
If you're Samar that means...
...there's also a Meera.
Why didn't you go back?
Didn't you meet Meera ever again?
Look soldier, I shouldn't
actually involve myself in this...
...but I am already involved now.
You don't know me.
I'm a hardcore, kinda girl.
I never cry and all...
...but your love story
made me fully sentimental
Look, I'm this 21 year old...
...from this instant make out...
...instant breakup generation.
First we have sex and then
we think if it was love or not...
...with these fundamentals of
love there's solid confusion.
Soldier, all I want to know is...
...is there such kind of love?
...what I mean is...
...if it's happened to you it
could happen to anybody...
...maybe even me?
So tell me now...
...was all this true or...
...just a story you wrote
to pass time?
What's your name?
- Akira!
- From Japan?
Delhi.
You're cool...
...consider this a story
and let it go.
...you'll remain cool...
Arjun...
...do you love me?
Can you wait ten years for me?
No?
Then you don't stand a chance!
Put the phone down!
I give you this, soldier...
...if it's love it better be this way!
At least let me make
a mock presentation...
...you're not going to regret this,
please let me do it.
No! no! Akira, I can't allow it.
Please, Catherine, it's
the chance of a lifetime.
No! It's too dangerous...
...you don't have enough experience...
...so just forget it.
C'mon you lot, get a move on...
...it's a wrap, we've
got a flight to catch.
Please, Catherine, this is
my dream since I was a kid...
...to work for Discovery Channel...
travel...
...make films, features...
...please let me do it
Alright...
...two weeks, that's it!
And you'll be on your own...
...you'll have to do the camera
and the sound by yourself...
...and I'm making no promises.
I get the first look
at the footage...
...and I get to decide if it's
good enough for the channel.
Thank you!
- Thank you!
- Get off me, you mad woman!
I'll speak to General Natarajan.
London! Iraq!
Afghanistan!
Drug wars in Mexico!
The whole frigging world...
Here comes Akira!
General Natarajan called himself.
This documentary will benefit
the Indian Army a lot.
You know how difficult it is to
recruit soldiers for the Bomb Squad.
So I felt that by hearing
about stories of your bravery...
...by seeing you working, these
youngsters will be motivated...
...and want to become like you...
...and it's only a matter of
two weeks.
I appreciate your support on this.
Sir.
Akira Rai, Discovery Channel,
reporting for duty, sir.
Is this stolen or for real?
It's a 100% authentic soldier...
...now for two weeks,
wherever you go, I go.
How many more have
come to die with you?
Just me, One Woman Crew.
C'mon eat...
- Hello, I'm Captain Kamal Singh!
- Singh!
- And I'm Captain Jagdeep Dewan!
- Dewan!
Lieutenant Hari Krishnan, madam.
You can stop this formality
of calling me madam.
I'm Akira, short and sweet Akira.
- Hello, Akira!
- Now that's perfect
Now look, for the next two weeks
I am going to trouble you a lot...
...so for speaking excessively,
for eating excessively...
...and for abusing uncontrollably.
I ask you'll to forgive me now.
I have one question.
I just hope that you aren't
as grumpy as your boss.
No, no, not at all,
we are very jolly guys.
Then I am afraid we are going
to have a lot of fun, guys.
By the way, where do
I dump this stuff?
I will show you, I will show you.
Make sure the distance
is maintained.
Miss Akira Rai.
Akira Rai reporting for duty, sir.
This action-packed army
life is really exciting.
You will always remain
behind this barricade...
...and 350 meters behind me.
If you break any rule you'll be
sent back to barracks, any doubts?
Can I listen to music on my IPod?
Is that a yes or no?
Oh man.
- Daisy Chain uh...
- Yes sir.
Safe to disable cap.
Yes sir, I've checked it.
I think there might be
another switch Dewan.
Quite possible.
In sequence.
Cut cap.
- Go in sequence.
- Okay sir.
Where is this going?
No idea sir.
Let me check this.
- Lowering seat.
- Okay sir.
- There's a switch Dewan.
- Be careful sir.
Akira!!
- Are you okay.
Are you okay.
What did you think was
going on, some film shoot...
...or some kind of adventure trip...
...that you'll go home and
show off to your friends?
We are dealing with
bloody bombs here.
Today, because of you, the lives
of my entire team was compromised.
- I'm sorry.
- 350 meters I said.
Now you will not come with us,
you'll go back from here.
No, soldier, I am not going back,
I am coming with you.
The road ahead is dangerous,
you will not be able to manage.
Soldier, this is my life's
one and only chance...
I'll cope with anything.
- Please, I am sorry!
- Akira!
Look, you're an okay girl,
you're brave too...
...but this is not possible
for untrained girls or boys.
Listen to me and...
forget this story.
If I asked you to forget Meera,
will you forget her?
There is always this one passion,
that a person has...
...for you it's Meera...
...for me my passion is your story.
I'm not going!
Sorry.
Oh Krishnan! Where is sir going?
Sir always goes for some quiet
time after defusing a bomb.
Quiet!
O Akira, never mess around
with a lion that's sleeping.
O Singhe, I haven't
come here to shoot birds.
I've come here to shoot the Lion.
And this Lion I will shoot for sure.
- Dewan.
- Yes.
Keep the chicken cooking,
I'll be back in a bit.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
Wanders with a smile...
...and a tear.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
Belonging to all.
Yet none to call my own.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
You play around with bombs
in the day...
...and sing romantic songs by night.
How is it possible not
to fall in love with you?
You wait...
...in two weeks you will sing
Punjabi songs for Akira...
...this is my challenge...
...good night, sexy.
- What the...
- Sorry... ball! Sorry... ball.
Afzal.
Pass..
Oh shucks, the camera broke.
No ya, Akira,
now this will not work...
...and we won't get these
parts even in Jammu...
...this can be fixed only in Delhi.
I'm sorry, Akira I'm... I'm...
Hey it's okay, Krishnan,
it's not your fault.
After seeing my Messi like kick...
...anybody would have
dropped the camera...
...and in any case where was
Discovery Channel going to take me?
It was just a one-off
chance I was taking.
Okay good night.
Soldier.
Akira's entertainment
was only till here...
...tomorrow morning it's about-turn,
back to Delhi...
...finally you get rid of me...
...at least now give me
one sexy smile.
Fine then, remain grumpy...
Oye, Akira, at least eat your food.
No ya, Singhe, I'm not hungry.
Both of you'll eat.
No sir.
Fine don't eat.
Akira! Smile...
And now we have.
Discovery Channel's Oscar-winning
film-maker miss Akira Rai...
...a few words for your fans...
Hey! How is it fixed?
Samar did it, he's
an electronics genius...
...he worked all night on it.
Where's that genius?
Why are you so complicated?
Neither can one fully
hate you nor love you.
Actually I've understood now...
...after seeing me in my swimsuit,
you've changed your mind...
...now I've started looking
hot to you, right?
Don't give me such
intense looks, soldier...
...it fills me with this
weird kind of sensation.
Stop talking rubbish or
I'll break the camera again.
First tell me... why did you stay
up all night and fix my camera?
You spoke about passion.
When someone is passionate about
something and doesn't get it...
...he spends a lifetime
going mad chasing it.
There's one mad man
standing in front of you...
...there is no place here
for another mad person...
...so pick your camera,
fulfill your passion...
...and leave.
Try as hard as you can, you
won't save me from going mad.
Towards me, more towards me...
...nice, nice.
A little bit, a little bit.
Let me see the device.
Yup! Exactly!
- What's happened, Dewan? - Sir, it's
bang in the center of the bridge.
- Any timer?
- Yes, sir.
And the wires to go to the
dynamite through the relay.
They're wrapped around
cans filled with Anfo.
Ya.
Oye Kurusawa...
...come fulfill your passion.
Wow great!
You're not scared?
I'm hanging here with
'The man who cannot die'...
...literally!
There's no chance of being scared...
...your destiny is working on
a strike rate of 100%, boss.
In our line of work destiny
betrays you just once.
Don't worry,
today's not that day...
...'cause I have no plans
of dying so quickly.
I have to make many more
documentaries...
...and show them in every
country in the world.
I have to have sex with
guys with different accents.
Did you grow up reading
the Kama Sutra?
Is this all you think of?
Soldier, at my age,
this is all we think of.
When I grow older like you,
I'll start thinking of love.
Being a good citizen,
the ways of God, okay?
Okay.
By the way, soldier...
...do you plan on being in
love with Meera all your life...
...or is there a chance for
someone else in between?
There's a mind blowing offer,
do you want to hear it?
- Is there a choice?
- No
Make me your girlfriend.
Why?
I'm young... I'm entertaining...
I'm sexy...
...you've already checked
my body out...
...actually I'm like a jackpot
for you...
...it's a limited offer...
think about it.
Soldier, soldier, listen...
I never ask God for anything...
...so by making promises and all...
...and leaving you is out
of the question.
I made you laugh, you're mine now.
Away I go, carried on wings
of passion.
Drinking droplets of time.
My heart has flown from its cage.
Falling in love with myself.
Embracing life with open arms.
Away I go, carried on
wings of passion.
My heart has flown from its cage.
Falling in love with myself.
Embracing life with open arms.
Clasping the moment in your
fingertips like a butterfly.
As it takes wing it
leaves traces of color.
The moment moves on,
leaving its color behind, Akira.
I clasp another
moment as it takes flight.
Embracing life with open arms.
Away I go, carried
on wings of passion.
My heart has flown from its cage.
Falling in love with myself.
Embracing life with open arms.
So Major Samar Anand...
...the last question of our trip...
...why haven't you worn
a bomb suit till now?
Um...
Bomb suits are meant to
protect you from danger...
...to protect you from getting
hurt, or being wounded...
...but more than bombs
it's life, that hurts you...
...at every corner there's betrayal,
some pain...
...so if we don't wear bomb suits to
save us from the dangers of life...
...what's the point of wearing it
to save us from death?
Every day, life kills us a little...
...a bomb will kill us just once.
Okay soldier, that's a wrap...
...the end of my film
and your torture.
Are you checking me out?
I was thinking how
wrong I was about you.
I'd thought that you wouldn't
last more than two days with us...
...but you turned to be
really tough boss.
Have you ever asked me
anything about myself?
All you gave were intense
angry looks.
I'm a national level swimmer,
a state level tennis player.
I can run a kilometer
in four minutes.
I'm a deep sea diver...
...basically I'm Super Girl,
make me do anything.
So, there's nothing that
you can't do?
There's one thing.
What?
I couldn't make you fall for me.
There, you've started again.
I'm in love with you, Samar.
Totally, completely, madly.
Akira has fallen flat
in love with you.
There's no need to say anything.
I know you're not at all interested,
and it's... it's totally cool.
Until now, boys have
always run after me.
I've never run after anybody...
...but you're this special piece, ya.
In my generation I'll never
find a lover like you...
...and now that I've met you.
I can't love someone
lesser than you...
...so basically, I'm screwed, boss.
You deliver dialogues
just like me...
...just...
...don't end up falling
in love like me...
...because if your laughter, this
mischief, this abusive language, stops...
...this world will surely
loose something.
Where do these come from?
Krishnan!
See you, Akira.
Dewan!
Bye Singhe.
Take care, Akira.
Don't worry, I'm not going to cry.
Ya ya, I know, you're super girl.
That I am.
Take care of yourself...
...don't die or anything like that...
...ours is going to be
a deadly love story.
You're not going to change.
There's no chance.
I don't want these friendly hugs...
...if you want to kiss me,
then do that.
This was a kiss?
That's how the army's taught us.
You wait...
...let me come back, and show
you how to kiss for real.
Really?
I'll see you...
Come on, we have to reach
Baramullah in one hour...
...control your emotions...
...otherwise the bomb
will be out of control.
So if we don't wear bomb suits to
save us from the dangers of life...
...what's the point of wearing it
to save us from death?
Every day, life kills us a little...
...a bomb will kill us just once.
You made the bitch cry!
I love it!
I'm going to make sure
they run this.
Get off me you stupid girl
before I change my mind.
We are going to title it
'The Man Who Cannot Die.'
I want it to be the lead
for the September issue...
...so Akira, put him on a flight...
...and get him to London
as soon as possible...
...the big boys will want
to authenticate his story.
Does he have to come here for that?
I mean, Can't we just do
this there?
For a story done by a rookie,
no, just get him here.
He won't come!
Why the hell not?
He just won't.
Listen girl, I don't run
this company...
...but I do know that if he
doesn't get his arce over here...
...your story stays
in the edit room...
...you've got 24 hours
to get back to me.
In the name of God!
Soldier, they've flipped
it after seeing your story...
...they want to make it the cover
story for the September issue...
...and sign me for a starting
salary of 25 thousand quid...
...and a three-3 year contract.
Okay congratulations, supergirl...
...you made me famous before I died.
But soldier...
...there's a small... problem.
What problem can you have?
The problem is that
this story, this contract...
...all this, will happen
only if you come to London.
This is my first story
and I'm a new...
...so it's their system
it can't be changed.
It's only for one day, soldier...
...in twenty- four hours you'll
be back in India, I promise.
I know it's not easy for you...
...but my life is at stake here...
...my career will get at
least a 5 year kick start...
...please soldier, for me!
I can't come!
Sorry Akira!
It's okay.
What an arcehole!
He's not an arcehole, John.
So what's his problem then?
He's just... messed up,
it's a long story.
Are you heading back?
Ya, I mean...
...it's been a week since Catherine's
been trying to convince the bosses...
...but... it's not working...
...so I guess I'm back to
Delhi's belly.
What an arcehole!
Hello?
How many offices do these
Discovery Channel guys have?
I am standing at a cross road,
I can't understand where to go.
Where are you?
I am standing somewhere near
the Discovery Channel office...
...all the buildings look the same.
You, you wait right there,
I'm coming.
He... is... here!
I told you he is not an arcehole.
Sorry.
Thank you soldier, thank you.
Thank you soldier...
...it's a big deal that you've
come to London, I know this...
...but that you've come here for me
is the biggest thing in my life.
Don't get sentimental,
I haven't come for you.
I've come to set you here,
permanently...
...so that I'm free from you
for forever.
No chance, soldier...
...so far this story has been one
- sided...
...now it looks like there's
going to be a twist in the story.
Akira!!
Move, move.
Samar, Samar, can you hear me.
Samar... are you a doctor?
Can someone please call a doctor?
Can someone please call
an ambulance?
Samar, Samar, Samar...
...what do I do?
Samar!
Excuse me, sorry he's
asking for you.
Where's Meera?
It's okay, Samar.
Can you call Meera please...
...the other nurse said she
is waiting outside for me...
Will you call her...
will you call her please.
Nurse... will you please call Meera?
You said she is waiting for me...
I... I need to see her now...
Why aren't you going to him?
I need to see her.
I'm not Meera!
What's wrong!
Why aren't you calling Meera?
Go get Dr. Khan.
Is she okay?
Has something happened to her?
Why aren't you saying something?
Please, I...
Call Meera please.
I need to see Meera.
Good morning, Samar!
I'm Dr. Zoya Ali Khan.
Last night I operated on you,
how are you feeling now?
Hmm.
Ok. Full name?
Samar Anand.
Age?
28 years.
What year are we in, Samar?
2002.
Has Samar been in an accident or...
...gone through serious
trauma before this?
10 years ago there was an accident...
here in London...
...after that he's come back
to London for the first time.
That explains it.
Samar is suffering from
retrograde amnesia...
...he has regressed ten years...
...his memory, is stuck
in the year 2002...
...the trauma of this accident has...
...regressed his memory
to the previous accident...
...he remembers everything up
until the previous accident...
...but after that he remembers
nothing.
But he'll... become okay, won't he?
In cases like these,
it's impossible to say...
...some patients get their memory
back in a day and for some...
...never!
So... now?
Firstly we will have to
bring in the people he knew...
...when he is with the people
he trusts...
...his shock and trauma
will both lessen...
...and then we might be
able to bring him back.
These are some names, addresses
and numbers, Samar has given.
I don't know if these
are still valid...
...but if you find as many as
possible, it will help...
...and yes, the most
important is this girl.
Meera!
Samar's been asking
for her, since yesterday.
Aye soldier...
...why so much drama,
just to forget me?
But now you listen...
...do what you want.
Akira won't let you forget her.
Honey, honey look into the camera.
You look beautiful.
Hi daddy.
Hi...
Happy birthday to you.
Meera!
Yes!
I need to talk to you...
I'm sorry I... can't seem
to place you.
No... ya... um we've never met...
I'm Akira...
I just need a few minutes.
You know I'm extremely late
for a meeting.
I'm really sorry...
...but would you mind making an
appointment with my assistant.
I'm really sorry!
It's about Samar!
I know how difficult
this is for you...
...you have a family... a husband...
a daughter...
...but beside you, there's no
one else who can do this.
Samar keeps asking for you...
...he only wants to see you.
The doctor feels if he
see's you just once you...
...meets you, he might be
able to hear the truth...
...just come once, Meera...
...please...
...for Samar.
Meera, you'll have to handle
Samar very carefully...
...his mental state is very delicate...
...any kind of shock or bad news
could permanently damage his system...
...and then bringing him
back may be impossible...
...and Meera, just remember...
...you are the bridge that
joins Samar to the outside world.
Are you ready?
Shall we do this?
Great!
I'll just check on him and call you.
Thank you!
Seeing you makes me feel.
A departed dream returns to me.
Passing through that
century-long night.
A burst of morning returns to me.
Keeping awake, crossing miles.
The dream held me by the hand.
Breath held for many years.
I can breathe again.
As my breath mingles with yours.
Samar, what's the last thing
you remember before the accident?
Meera...
Meera is dressed in
a sexy pink dress...
...her hair is open...
...she's smiling... watching
me do stunts on my bike...
...and then suddenly a car
slams into me and then...
Black!
Full black!
Samar, the accident you are talking
about happened ten years ago...
...and we're not in 2002,
we are in the year 2012.
What!
Meera... this?
Samar!
Just listen to her.
Let me explain.
Samar because of the head
injury you have amnesia.
Retrograde amnesia...
...and it is very common
with head injuries...
...so please don't worry...
...with time you will
remember everything...
...and you will become
absolutely okay.
I know you have a lot of questions
that you want answers for.
Meera is with you...
...and whenever you need me
I'm right outside, okay?
I'll see you.
I don't understand, Meera...
10 years...
10 years!!
Samar It's ok...
...its ok...
We've been together for 10 years?
How long have we been married?
Five years.
I want to remember everything...
...everyday, every second
I've spent with you.
I want to remember everything.
I... I want to remember everything.
No, ya Meera, no more...
...you've already done
so much and...
...to ask you for more
of your time...
...to do all this drama.
I don't feel right...
...you have a family, a husband,
a daughter.
Akira...
I'm not married.
And nor do I have any daughter.
I made a promise to leave Samar...
...not to get married.
Roger is an old friend and
has always remained a friend.
He is divorced so...
...every year I help him
arrange his daughter's birthday.
I can't bear to see Samar
like this...
...and I want to do whatever
I can...
...but before that, it was
necessary for me to tell you this.
I love Samar, Akira...
...always have, always will...
...but I can never be his.
Now after knowing all this...
...what needs to be done...
...is up to you.
Samar was right...
I should have left
his love story as...
...just a story and
forgotten about it.
I was cool... I would've
remained cool...
...but I got trapped in his love
so much, now I can't let it go.
Come... let's get him back
and then beat him up together.
A nice bottle of Chilean Red?
Definitely, ya sure...
Is everything alright sir?
- Yes very well thank you.
- Okay.
- All okay ma'am?
- Hmm Thank you.
Maria, Mrs. Smith has been
waiting for 45 minutes.
If she's has asked for
Maria's special of the day...
...then she will have to
wait for it to be special...
...now leave me alone.
Superb, here's getting
married to a white...
Meera...
Zain, if you can't do
this feel free to say so...
...we realize that we're probably
asking for a bit too much.
Too much?
No, Akira, you're
asking for too little.
This restaurant, my house
all of it is Samar's...
...I started all this with
the money that he gave me...
...otherwise how would this
Lahori have done all this?
He told me that he'd come
one day to take his share...
...but not like this.
You'll don't worry.
Maria and I will shift
into our old Wembley flat.
The restaurant, the house
is all Samar's from now...
...just tell me when are you
bringing him.
Tomorrow.
So as Samar used to say,
done, done, London.
Done, done, London.
Thank you, Zain.
Oh Never mind.
What are you looking at?
London...
...we're growing older but
this city is getting younger.
What were you saying...
...we have our own restaurant?
Yes, sir! Samar's Kitchen...
...it's amongst the top
10 restaurants in London.
I'd never imagined, that
we'd have our own restaurant...
...a bungalow, a car.
Accidently God's
been too kind. I think...
...that's why He's making
things even now.
Oye, He is letting you rest
for a while, nothing else.
Don't get too emotional or
we'll meet with another accident.
Everything else I can understand.
One thing I can't understand...
...is how did you hook Maria?
PPK... Pakistani Pathan's charisma.
So now Lahore's famous
because of you.
Here you go, we've come home.
Meera, here, take care
of your prized possession.
I will come with
Maria tomorrow... bye.
Now you've left Sir Jesus...
...and you're making
deals with Shree Krishna.
So what should I do...
...if you meet with one
accident after another?
I'll have to, keep all
the Gods happy.
No more accident's,
I promise okay.
Come, my wife, show me my home.
We live alone in such a big house...
...or is there someone else
on rent here?
Wow
Did we win a lottery?
How is sir Jesus doing?
How are the deals coming along?
I've stopped making deals
and vows...
...now I don't ask for
anything of anybody.
Wow, how did this happen?
I got you...
...so there is no need to
ask for anything else.
You love me that much?
What?
Doctor Khan has said,
for a couple of days no...
Oh man.
But I've got injured on my head...
...and Dr. Khan is a neurologist,
not a sexologist.
I think she's a lesbian...
Meera.
Meera!
Come here.
Have you become more
beautiful than before?
Why does it feel like I am
meeting you after so many years?
Touching you after so many years.
No, no, no, stay here...
...just stay here.
Dr. Khan's allowed
this much, hasn't she?
I can breathe again.
Dr. Khan...
Dr. Khan has become Changez Khan...
...give me her telephone number...
...being a woman, she doesn't
have the heart of a mother.
I can't do this anymore.
Please, Meera...
...just a few more days.
Dr. Khan is saying that
Samar is recovering very well...
...his mental condition
is very stable...
...and that very soon something
may trigger his memory.
I can't go on, Akira...
...doctor, please you.
I understand...
I do.
Ideally I wanted to take
this step after two weeks...
...but maybe this is the
right time...
Akira, you will meet Samar...
...maybe seeing you will
trigger his memory immediately.
Yes, this is slightly risky...
...but at this point it
is our best chance.
I think it's time... for Major
Samar Anand... to meet Akira!
Zain, I don't want
to do this interview...
...you're unnecessarily forcing me.
Samar, it's not just any interview.
These are the Discovery Channel guys...
...they're covering the success
story of 10 Indians in London...
...imagine how good marketing
it is for our restaurant.
What marketing!
Instead make me wear a bikini...
...and put its photo
outside the restaurant?
Hey, that is also a good idea.
You're excited uh Pathan, PPK.
Hey that's my Bluetooth.
Here, we've come.
Why have you stopped here?
The channel guys want
to start off...
...from the first place
you worked in London.
Now go quickly, their journalist
is waiting at the entrance for you...
...and I have to go to
the restaurant, okay.
Bye.
For one who can't remember anything...
...what interview will
she take of his.
Samar Anand!
Hi, I'm Akira Rai, Discovery Channel.
Uhh!
Have... have we met before?
No! I don't think so.
I'm sorry, my memory
is on a long break...
...so these days every
face looks familiar to me.
It's okay, Samar.
I know about your condition...
...don't worry, I won't trouble
you much.
No, no, no, please trouble me...
...maybe that might help
trigger some lost memory.
Okay then, get ready
for the trouble.
Uh make up okay?
- Yeah.
Let's go?
Over here.
I use to clean snow...
...for 4 pounds per hour
for Jack sir...
...this is a very special place
for me, uh Akira... right?
Not because this was my first job...
...but because this is where I
saw Meera for the first time...
...right there.
In the middle of white snow...
...like a fairy dressed in red,
glide across the snow.
It took one second and
I fell flat for her...
...you haven't seen my wife, hmm?
She's the world's
most beautiful woman.
I have no idea how she
fell for a clown like me.
Oh wow, this is my favorite bike.
I had this, I bought it second
- hand from a friend.
may I ride it, please?
Thank You...
...you're also coming?
Come on.
I was a manager in this restaurant,
this whole restaurant.
What does this crazy wanderer seek.
- Samar!
- How are you?
This is Akira, Amit I
found work in Bollywood
- Really!
- Ya No!
Wanders with a smile...
Thank you.
If it wasn't for Frank sir, I would
probably have gone back to Punjab...
...and join the army like
my father and forefathers.
Yet none to call my own.
I never told my mother but
bombs and guns really scare me.
Frank Sir, he saved me...
...thank you, Frank sir.
Samar was my favorite...
- ...he could charm anyone.
- This is for you.
Salmon, my favorite.
Enjoy.
He just enjoyed making people happy.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Okay Akira, I worked double
shift here.
These are my friends.
- Hi guys.
- Hi. - Hello.
This is Gabbar, this is Sambha...
...this is me...
...and this is Basanti!
What is wrong with you?
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Where is my home?
He asks every passer-by.
Wanders with a smile...
...and a tear.
Wanders aimless from street to street.
Belonging to all.
I wrote this song for Meera...
...and see my fate...
...it was an evening just like this.
I was singing... and
when I opened my eyes.
Meera was standing in front of me...
...for who my heart sung this song...
...it reached out and found her heart.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Isn't it a made
- for- each- other love story?
Common guys.
O dude cool good to see you.
A note for you.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Belonging to all Yet
none to call my own.
What does this crazy wanderer seek?
Today I met Samar Anand...
...a man who I had
never met before...
...the Samar that I know
is like... a ghost...
...a shadow...
...that's not alive.
Samar lives only to love you...
...without you there's
no breath in his life.
You know!
I was thinking the whole day...
...that if we were in his
life together the same time...
...what would happen...
...and even in my dreams,
I was miles behind you.
You don't know me.
I've been a topper all my life...
...an honor student, a gold
medalist in every sport.
I dump my boyfriends
every three months...
...before they leave me...
...because I can't handle rejection.
So now before Samar recovers and
lectures me on friendship and all.
I am getting out of this love...
...it'll take time but then
I'll be okay.
So I've come to tell you that...
...if it's because of me that
you're stopping yourself...
...then you're wasting time...
...because I've never existed
in Samar's love story.
His love story's always had Meera
and will only have Meera in it.
I wasn't stopping myself
because of you, Akira...
...it is because of
Samar I'm stopping myself.
Everyday I want to break my
promise and fall into his arms...
...but what if something
happens to him?
It is this if that scares
me and why I stop myself...
...every day I pray for his life...
...and every day I die a little.
Now this... God, prayers,
promises and all.
I don't understand...
I really don't pray much...
...but before going there's
one tip I'm giving you.
You left him so that
he stays alive...
...but now if you're not with
him he is as good as dead...
...maybe your God's trying
to tell you.
Hey Meera, enough is enough...
...now go and live a little.
See you.
Ya, Zain.
Samar, our new restaurant's site...
...is in front of
Marble Arch Station, okay?
Okay, you get there, I'll
catch the train and come.
Okay come quick.
Ladies and gents we need to
evacuate this station come this way.
Everybody come on this way
start moving up this way.
Everybody up this way - Due to a
reported bomb aboard the train...
...all passengers are requested
to leave the station immediately...
...by the nearest available exit...
...please obey the instructions
by the security personnel.
Due to a reported bomb...
bomb... bomb.
Three minutes copy.
Mister you can't be here...
...there's a bomb on board
you need to evacuate now.
Ten pounds symtex...
...possibly with shrapnel...
...not motion sensitive...
...remote detonator.
Charlie...
...this guy might just know what
he's talking about let him through.
Tango Victor 191 control.
The bomb has now been diffused.
I repeat the bomb
has now been diffused.
Thank you so much.
What's your name Sir?
I'm Major Samar Anand!
Indian Army!
Bomb Disposal Squad.
Samar...
...what are you doing?
...why have you called me here?
For all the moments that
I have lost in the past...
...today I have come to
steal back one moment...
...today I'm going to,
once again, marry you.
Will you marry me, Meera?
Stop it, Samar, we can't
just get married like this.
Why, why can't we?
You'd said this is
how we got married.
No celebrations, just you and me...
...so let's just do it again...
for me...
...come on, I'll start.
I'm sorry, what I
said last time or how.
I don't remember...
...but all I will say this time
is that I love Meera a lot...
...and I promise that
I will forever.
Stop it, Samar.
This is not a joke!
Wow, this is amazing...
...you've made our marriage
a joke and lied about it...
...and I can't even play
a small little prank?
Memory is such a funny thing...
...we spend a whole lifetime
trying to forget something...
...but we can't...
...and then if try to
remember something small...
...we're unable to...
...you know, Meera...
...every day in the army
I used to think...
...why is it that He keeps me alive?
Today I figured that out.
He wasn't fully satisfied
with what He had done to me.
He first tears me away from your life.
He says go... go live without her.
So I go and every day.
I live in the arms of
Death hoping to defeat God.
But out there also
He kept winning.
He didn't let me die...
...and then one day, like magic,
He brings you back into my life.
He brings back all my lost memories.
He makes me fly again...
...and then in a flash he
slams me back onto the ground.
He wakes me up from
my dreams and tells me...
...your life is exactly how it is.
Meera is still Mine,
she will never be yours...
...because even till today...
...the promise she made to Me...
...is greater than the
promise she made to you...
...there's this simple little
thing you don't seem to understand...
...more than you,
she's in love with Me...
...if you'd at least left
me for another person.
I would've felt pity and
forgiven him...
...but... how do I feel pity God?
I'm going back.
I spent 10 years without you...
...by loving you every single day.
I can live for another 100 years...
...either... either He kills me...
...or then accepts
defeat and sends you to me.
Your passport, ticket...
...immigration form,
I'll fill it for you...
...but the immigration is there.
My memory is back now, remember?
I wish I could delete you
from my memory.
I was such a heartless
carefree bitch...
...and now see what you've made me.
Akira, the thing is.
God and me don't get along to well...
...but while dying I believe He
listens even to His enemies...
...so when my time comes.
I'll ask Him for another life...
...to love you!
This time around I was
born in the wrong generation.
I became a bit old fashioned, no?
But I promise next time.
I'll come as a modern
lover like you...
...and ours will be a full on
English style love story.
Very good soldier...
...you've made me into a complete
romantic and you're turning modern.
If you want to come,
come back exactly like this...
...from head to toe.
Akira will never have a shortage
of boyfriends in any life.
Don't become like me.
Too late soldier.
Too late.
Hold these vehicles till I don't
give you an 'all clear' signal.
Right? Over and out.
- Saved.
- Okay sir.
- Krishnan.
- Yes, sir. - Again.
It's become common.
- Do one thing.
- Okay sir.
Okay sir.
Am I going to die today?
You didn't bear these 10
years all by yourself Samar.
I've been dying
everyday along with you...
...it's taken me 10 years to
understand a simple thing...
...that He didn't keep you
alive to be without me.
He kept you alive to be with me.
Couldn't you have understood
this a little sooner...
...just a little.
You knew this from the beginning...
...that I take a little more
time to understand things...
...and someone had told me...
...that every love has it's time...
...that time was not ours...
...but this, is our time.
Sir we've located another IED.
Wait for a some more time.
I'll finish a bit of
work and come back.
And listen!
Don't pray for anything...
...just love me...
...because there's no bomb...
...or God, that can keep me
from coming back to you.
I know.
Samar Anand, The Man Who Cannot Die!
He has diffused 107 bombs
without a scratch on his body.
He's right now as we
speak diffusing his 108th.
This is not a story of courage...
...it's not a story of... miracles!
It's just a simple story of love...
...undying love that a
man had for a woman...
...unflinching love that
a woman had for a man...
...and unending faith
that god had on their love.
I got into this story thinking...
...that this was my big
ticket to Discovery channel.
I'm going to discover
a story of courage...
...bravery, danger, miracles.
But I ended up discovering love.
Love that breaks you...
...but still keeps you together...
...love that creates distances...
...but still brings you closer...
...love that is true...
...and forever...
...and I learnt that...
...if you have the power
to love like that...
...then god makes sure that
your love finds its way.
All you have to do
is just hang in there...
...and wait...
...wait for your time...
...as we speak right now.
Samar is diffusing his 108th bomb...
...his last one...
...it's his last not because
he's suddenly scared of dying...
...it's his last...
...because it's his time
to live now...
...his wait is finally over...
...his time has come...
...his time to love!
Will you marry me?
Yes.
This is not a story of courage!
It's not a story of miracles!
It's just a simple story of love!
Action!